journal.md, before:

# Title

A model-measurement comparison of biomass burning aerosol over w. Africa


# Author

Sam Bell, University of Nevada, Area 51
Aimee Smith, Univeristy of WiffWaff

# Abstract
This is the only thing 100% of people will read.

# Introduction
Haywood et al (1999) made some great measurments of BBOA over the Sahara. We add to these measurements, with chemical composition data, using an aerosol mass spectrometer (Allen et al 2000). 

# Simulations
John has made some simulations of particle formation using his box model. It reproduces the growth in size distribution observed and suggest coagulation as the dominant method of growth.

# Methodology
We used an AMS (Allen et al 1999) to measure particle mass andd chemical composition. 


# Results
We observed partical grwoth through coagulation and report the changing chemical composition with ages in the atmosphere. 


# Conclusions
We made some ground breaking discovery! Look at all this future work...except it is all fake because the rocks are Icelandic basalts.

# Figures
This is where the pretty picutres go (all the data that is in the entire PhD).

# Acknowledgements
Katie Joy for her edits, Margaret for her silence, Aimee for her distractions and Quidditch for the injuries.

Commit message:

Add Moon information in the title

journal.md, after:

# Title

A model-measurement comparison of biomass burning aerosol over w. Africa and the Moon rocks that are associated with it.

# Author

Sam Bell, University of Nevada, Area 51
Aimee Smith, Univeristy of WiffWaff

# Abstract
This is the only thing 100% of people will read.

# Introduction
Haywood et al (1999) made some great measurments of BBOA over the Sahara. We add to these measurements, with chemical composition data, using an aerosol mass spectrometer (Allen et al 2000). 

# Simulations
John has made some simulations of particle formation using his box model. It reproduces the growth in size distribution observed and suggest coagulation as the dominant method of growth.

# Methodology
We used an AMS (Allen et al 1999) to measure particle mass andd chemical composition. 


# Results
We observed partical grwoth through coagulation and report the changing chemical composition with ages in the atmosphere. 


# Conclusions
We made some ground breaking discovery! Look at all this future work...except it is all fake because the rocks are Icelandic basalts.

# Figures
This is where the pretty picutres go (all the data that is in the entire PhD).

# Acknowledgements
Katie Joy for her edits, Margaret for her silence, Aimee for her distractions and Quidditch for the injuries.
